Explain behavior of `config.get` (#6611)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/config.md

The `config.get` function is used to get configurations for a model from the end-user. Configs defined in this way are optional, and a default value can be provided.

There are 3 cases:

> 1. The configuration variable exists, it isn't `None`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration variable exists, it is not `None`
```

> 1. The configuration variable exists, it is not `None`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration variable exists, it isn't `None`
```

> 1. The configuration variable exists, it is it not `None`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration variable exists, it is not `None`
```

> 1. The configuration variable exists, it it is `None`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration variable exists, it is `None`
```

> 1. The configuration variable does not exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration variable doesn't exist
```

> 1. The configuration variable doesn't exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration variable does not exist
```
